- [Instructor] In addition to giving a logic
for the pre handle that we have already done
in the previous video,
you can also provide an implementation
for the post handle method.
So, if you see, this method comes in
with request response objects as well
and additionally has a ModelAndView as a method parameter.
So, this is what I was saying
is a part of post processing logic.
If you want to enhance the model data
that you're trying to display on your GSPs,
you can grab this object here,
provide that as a logic of your post processing,
and then carry the response back to the client.
Right now, I'm just going to put this as out.
I do not need to do that right now.
So, I'm just going to say post handle.
Okay, what is the next step?
The next step is adding the interceptor to registry
in the configuration class.
Yes, so since this is a custom interceptor
that we have made,
we have to make Spring aware of it,
and that is what we'll do next.
So, let's go back to the IDE.
And under the ApplicationConfig,
let's come down here
and override a method called addInterceptors.
Now, this one takes a parameter of interceptor registry,
and that is what we have to grab,
and add the interceptor
so that MVC Framework knows about it.
So, I'm just going to say registry dot addInterceptor.
And how do you add it?
You just instantiate the class
that you created a minute ago.
And additionally,
it also has to be supplied the path patterns.
What this means is now, in our use case,
the logging interceptor has to apply for
every URL pattern of your application.
However you could have certain interceptors
which are supposed to execute
only for a particular flow in your application.
Let's say you want to do something specific
to the log in use case.
You want to do something specific
for the registration use case.
Then you could have those interceptors getting called
only for those specific URL patterns.
Right now, I am going to call my interceptor
for every pattern,
so I'm just going to add this as slash star.
Let's end the statement.
So, for example, if you were trying to execute
the logging interceptor only for the log in flow,
then you should have mentioned something like this.
So, that is something that you do beforehand.
So, I'll just return this to slash star.
So, once that's done,
we have to build and run the applications.
Yes, so, we have registered our interceptor.
The logic of the interceptor is ready.
Let's just make a build of this
and find out if the interceptor gets called
for all our URL patterns of the HPlus app.
The build has gone well.
Let's open a window.
Okay, so, let's go back to the IDE.
We have invoked a URL pattern of slash home,
and what do we get?
Yeah, there we go.
So, we have incoming request data log.
This is session ID that was created,
and that is today.
And that is for the slash home URL pattern.
Let me execute few more.
Let's say search.
And, if you see, every single time,
that interceptor now is going to get called.
Additionally, also understand that
the post handle method gets called.
So, whenever the execution
of your entire home URL pattern was completed,
it went back to the post processing part of the interceptor,
and then the response was committed to the client.
Same thing can be seen
even for the other flow that we executed.
So, this is how an interceptor will work
for your application.